{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How to change the color of Bubbletip:\
\
1. Open the Photoshop file "bubbletip-slices.psd".\
\
2. Use the Layer effects provided (Color Overlay, Inner Glow & Drop Shadow) to change the colors to those desired. Don't extend the Drop Shadow too far out or it might overlap into other slices. Write down the web colour hex (#??????)  you use for the Color Overlay as you'll need this when editing the CSS file in step five.\
\
3. Once you have decided upon the look, choose "File" > "Save For Web & Devices". In the dialog box that opens select "PNG-24" from the "Preset" drop down in the right hand corner. Make sure the "Transparency" check box is selected. Click "Save".\
\
4. A dialog box will open titled "Save Optimized As". Do not worry about the title in the "Save As" field (the PSD's slices have all been named). Choose the directory you want to save the images in (or create a new folder). Make sure that "Format" is set to "Images Only" and "Slices" is set to "All User Slices" - "Settings" doesn't matter. Click "Save".\
\
This will save out all of the slices for that Photoshop document into a new folder in the directory you chose titled "images".\
\
4. Move all of the resulting slices into the bubbletip folder within your website, replacing those in the bubbletip folder.\
\
5. Open "bubbletip.css" from this same folder and scroll down to the bottom. Change the background-color of the class ".bubbletip td.bt-content" to the same color as your bubbletip body color. Save this file.\
\
Magic.\
\
Note: Sometimes the browser needs to be closed and reopened to have the changes take effect.}